Add CustomClaims to AccessKey creation (#341)
descope/node-sdk: README.md

// Roles should be set directly if no tenants exist, otherwise set
// on a per-tenant basis.

> // If userId is supplied, then authorization would be ignored, and access key would be bound to the users authorization
> // If customClaims is supplied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If userId is supplied, then authorization will be ignored, and the access key will be bound to the user's authorization.
// If customClaims is supplied, then those claims will be present in the JWT returned by calls to ExchangeAccessKey.
```
